Remove context transformers. Add provider hooks (#119)
open-feature/spec: specification/sections/02-providers.md

ResolutionDetails<MyStruct> resolveStructureValue(string flagKey, MyStruct defaultValue, context: EvaluationContext, options: FlagEvaluationOptions);
```

#### Provider hooks

> Feature flag management systems often need to transform the context structures the user provides or general address lifecycle concerns. A `provider hook` provides a mechanism for providers to register [`Hook`s](./04-hooks.md) to tap into that lifecycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feature flag management systems often need to transform the context structures the user provides or generally address lifecycle concerns. A `provider hook` exposes a mechanism for providers to register [`Hooks`](./04-hooks.md) to tap into various stages of the flag evaluation lifecycle.
```

##### Requirement 2.10

> > The provider interface **MAY** define a `provider hook` method or function, which can be optionally implemented in order to add `hook` instances to the client.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this needs to be a method or function. For example, in TypeScript it could just be a property on the class.

```typescript
class MyProvider implements Provider {
  //...

>   List<Hook> providerHooks() {

Reviewer: private readonly hook: Hook[] = [new MyProviderHook()];

ResolutionDetails<MyStruct> resolveStructureValue(string flagKey, MyStruct defaultValue, context: EvaluationContext, options: FlagEvaluationOptions);
```

#### Provider hooks

> Feature flag management systems often need to transform the context structures the user provides or generally address lifecycle concerns. A `provider hook` exposes a mechanism for providers to register [`Hooks`](./04-hooks.md) to tap into various stages of the flag evaluation lifecycle.

Reviewer 2: I think context transformation is a key use case for provider hooks, so it's worth mentioning, however they are just as flexible as other hooks. I think this example should come after the description... So basically reverse the order of these 2 sentences.

> Feature flag management systems often need to transform the context structures the user provides or generally address lifecycle concerns. A `provider hook` exposes a mechanism for providers to register [`Hooks`](./04-hooks.md) to tap into various stages of the flag evaluation lifecycle.

Reviewer 2: I think context transformation is a key use case for provider hooks, so it's worth mentioning, however they are just as flexible as other hooks. If we're going to make this section about provider hooks generally,I think this example should come after the description... So basically reverse the order of these 2 sentences and highlight that context transformation is just one example use case.

##### Requirement 2.10

> > The provider interface **MAY** define a `provider hook` mechanism which can be optionally implemented in order to add `hook` instances to the client.

Reviewer 2: I think we need to state that the provider abstraction MUST support attaching hooks, though obviously the provider author doesn't need to attach them to their provider. I think having some implementations not supporting provider hooks will be problematic, just too inconsistent.
